[24/02/02]
[Caution] This document is a document that summarizes matters not embedded in other programs of the program (H.O.S_NNDB.2311), and defines the relationship between consumers (hereinafter referred to as B) and their company (hereinafter referred to as A). 
1. All legal rights of the program (this includes copyrights, etc.) belong to A. This is an absolutely inviolable area.
2. Inquiries about the program are received only through the officially recognized window of A.
3. The commercial use of the program must be decided after consultation with A, and even if A refuses, B must comply with it.
4,The program is an open source-based program that anyone can use after reprocessing, but it is indispensable to consult with A for commercial use and reprocessing under paragraph 3.
5. In the event of an attack on a third party using the relevant program (including hacking attacks through illegal program modifications such as Trojan horse, ransomware, etc.), B is responsible for the illegal reprocessing, and A is irrelevant.
6. It is not recommended that programs written in Visual C++ and Python 3.12, be written in other languages.
7. During reprocessing, B is entirely responsible for the malfunction of the program due to reprocessing.
8. When an error occurs in a program, it states that B and A are responsible for a 50:50 ratio, respectively. However, if the error is due to the programmer's mistake, A is responsible.
9.The program has only been verified on the Windows 11 (23H2) operating system and the intel Gen 12 x64 processor, so A is not responsible for errors on other processors and operating systems.
10.A declares that all modifications to the program should be recorded in the patnote.txt simply.
11.All of the above matters are defined on February 2, 24, and can be modified at any time by A, and artificial modifications by B are not recognized.
12.Eul must be aware of all of the above matters and follow them to be eligible to use the program, which is primarily judged by E's conscience and secondarily by A in the event of a problem later.
13.A also declares that he will keep the above matters and engage in development and, as stated earlier, keep all of the above matters as one B.